3/2/2026 Monday 1:06 PM 
Sweet! Uhm... this project is getting some time and attention from me, which is great. 
Right, so there are some more considerations about setting up an MVP (minimum viable product) for the 
sake of demonstration for both potential employers, professional contacts, and people that might be 
interested in this project. 

I think I'll spend some time on those things today. Before getting into those more technical things, 
let me set up the github account so that I can support signed commits as well as authentication using 
cryptographic keys. 

Ok, I'll see about that now. 

1:49 PM 
Right, so I spent maybe 50 minutes trying to avoid naming conflicts and ended up selecting a nearly 
completely fictitious name for this project as the other more straightforward names basically were 
either taken or conflicted with other ideas and concepts. Something of a bummer, but not the worst 
thing that could happen. I ultimately have rested on talvixguide-engine and talvixguide-engine-backend, 
talvixguide-engine-frontend, etc. 

I think "engine" fits here as a reference to a suite of software components, although that may be 
something that could be revised in the future. For now, I think it's fine. Adding engine helps reduce 
naming conflicts, which is probably more important than some of the other considerations at the moment. 

2:41 PM 
Ok, so learning about keys and ssh and doing some other things has been interesting. I've been able 
to get far enough, which is good. Uhm... I still need to see about signing my commits. Once I've done 
that, then I can start pushing to the remote on github and that might be quite good! 

3:08 PM 
Ok, I spent another roughly 30 minutes working through some of the questions I had about setting up verified 
commits for the repo. I think that's set up properly and it wasn't too challenging to do so. Sweet! 
Alright, I'll put the updates to the devlog here and commit them and then take a break for some time. 

When I come back, I'll take a look at updating the README.md a little bit so that it references the 
devlogs as opposed to containing a devlog directly in the README. I think that might be a poor 
decision choice. Afterwards, I can go ahead and start working on some other details, like setting 
up the license and adding some file structure to the project. I don't think I'll get to it today, but 
I would also like to spend some time on the architecture of the project, and maybe start working on 
some of the minimum viable product aspects of the components. Quite frankly, some of these components 
can be extremely straightforward and simple, for example I can use local data for the first 
supported metadata source and I can use a basic uniformly randomized algorithm for the first supported 
recommendation algorithm. I can also try to put together a basic UI as well. 

I'll give each of these components their own appropriate spots in the project structure. I can also 
modify the description of the project in Github as it currently reflects some of the older names. 
I should make it clear that this is the correct name of the project, and I can explain the intention 
of the project a little better now that I've spent more time planning it out. 
