3/5/2026 Thursday 1:04 PM 
Ok, so I started working on this project at around 12:44 AM today. I spent maybe an hour or so yesterday night before bed making 
a few changes. I didn't commit those changes until today, however, and I also did not log that work in a devlog for the day. 

Ok, well, I intend to spend a small amount of time today and I'll add some detail to the devlog here. 

I noticed that a lot of my process documentation and devlogging actually tends to happen in the chat between myself and the 
AI chatbot. I go over quite a lot there and so this log might be a bit redundant. I suppose I'll see how it goes as I progress. 

At some point, I should go back and add a little more detail and aesthetic flair to the README.md and maybe some other elements 
of this project so that it is more presentable and appealing overall. I can do that maybe another time. 

For now, however, I think I'm going to focus on some of the next steps for the project. I think that I have a reasonable 
starting point with respect to the project file structure. I may want to start fleshing out how the metadata file formats will 
be expected to be presented and how those will be ingested by the backend. 

I suppose that I could start working on that. Once the backend can ingest metadata files and process them, then those files 
can be presented to the algorithm(s) that the backend is working with. After the algorithm(s) have made their recommendations 
as far as what to show the user, this can be transferred to the front-end UI and displayed. The user can then interact with 
the recommendations, and either click hyperlinks, or something similar, and view the associated media or the user can 
send messages back to ... the backend so as to do things like retrieve more recommendations or something along those lines. 

I may need to define some kind of standardized interface between the backend and frontend such that other frontends would 
be able to also communicate with the backend using a standardized API or protocol. 

Ok, I suppose I'll come back to that later. As an aside, my internet connection is a bit poor and it had dropped a moment ago 
when I added the "..." above. 

1:12 PM 
Ok, so I'll take a look at how I might want to handle ingestion of metadata by the backend. 

2:41 PM 
Ok, so I ended up spending more like 2 hours on this project rather than 1. I made a lot of design decisions and choices and put 
them into a conversation with an AI chatbot. I will log that in the devlog. I also decided on using some project management tools, 
in addition to my build tools, so that I can keep track of all of the various elements and tasks associated with this project. 

Yes, I think using some modern tools is a great idea. Overall, this will help keep the project organized, structured, and highly 
visible to the public in terms of progress. I think that's great. 

2:58 PM 
Ok, I outlined many design decisions. I have some work ahead of me that has been outlined. I'll be looking to do a handful of things, 
and some of these include setting up build tools as well as project management tools. I'll also likely add another component to 
this system, which will help users to extract large amounts of their own metadata if they wish to do so. I think that may be a 
significant convenience feature. In order to remain compliant with most of the larger video hosting websites, I'll need to ensure that this 
is done through their own APIs and that the users authorize the extraction. I think that's just fine. 

Ok, so I spent more time than I probably should have, but I made a lot of progress in terms of planning out the project. I'm 
starting to see a clearer picture in terms of where this can go and what sort of value this project could provide to both creators 
and consumers. 
