3/6/2026 Friday 10:38 AM 
Right, so I think I'll try to get maybe 3 hours of work in today. I'm going to look to add a few 
things. In particular, I want to keep track of the greater project context, as well as the roadmap, 
but I'm concerned about the work units. I think I will want to utilize project management 
software, like OpenProject locally and Github Projects remotely. 

Previously I made the decision to mostly focus on using markdown to document the project 
development as well maintain the context state. Unfortunately, LLMs have many flaws and 
so it may be better to utilize the markdown and context mostly for efficiently reloading 
the context for a given chatbot. However, while those files can also help document 
the project development, the chatbot makes a lot of mistakes and often "forgets" 
significant context. 

For that reason, it may be better to use proper project management software so 
that the context and project development is still appropriately documented despite 
errors in the markdown context files. I hope that makes sense! 

Alright, so I'll look to implement some of that. I think I also want to split 
the context files at least into work units context and broader project context. 

11:09 AM 
Ok, so I'm getting a bit more comfortable with AI-native workflows and so I'm splitting up 
the context into separate prompts. I have a prompt for broader project context and I have 
a prompt for work units. I will look to create some prompts for prompt ingestion and 
creation so that I can quickly ask the chatbot to generate the relevant prompts after 
each session. 

11:14 AM 
My internet connection is not the best. Ok, so I spent some time working through how Qt6 
can reasonably be incorporated into this project. I can support two different pathways, one 
involves the user installing and linking a system binary to the project and the other 
pathway involves creating an AppImage and uploading that to GitHub projects under 
the Releases section so that users can obtain the AppImage if they don't want to 
install Qt6 themselves. 

Ok, that works reasonably well. I will just need to add some build instructions 
so that users know what to do. 

11:32 AM 
Ok, so I started more work on how the context prompts could work. I think I'll use 
1 ingestion prompt, and that will set up the chatbot to receive structured prompts 
to help set up the project context. At the moment, I think I'll use 1 core design 
prompt, 1 work units and development prompt, and 1 extra context prompt. The core 
design prompt will cover the basic outline of the project. The work units will 
help explain the current progress of the project. The extra context will include 
other extraneous details that are relevant, but don't quite fit in to the core 
design section nor the work units and development section. 

I could look to add more or flesh things out more as I go. 

12:08 AM 
Ok, so I seem to have made some progress with setting up the AI chatbot context 
handoffs. Neat! Yeah, it's very exciting overall. I should still support this 
approach with more standard project management software, but this is overall 
a very nifty way of approaching project development. 

12:26 PM 
Ok, so I think I have a reasonable and structured handoff process for obtaining 
context between conversation sessions. Cool! Yeah, that's very interesting. I think 
that will be very helpful. Sweet. 

12:51 PM 
Ok, now that I have the handoff process, I shifted my focus to some of the other 
tasks that I can do. For reference, I've been working on this since around 10:30 AM 
today, and so I'm at around a bit less than 2.5 hours spent on this project. I think 
I might want to spend 1 more hour today and then work on some other things. 

I think this is a good point to commit some of my work, too. 
